During the last few weeks working on this really made me think a lot about python and computational thinking. When I first saw the assignment, I knew it was going to take a lot of work and effort to be able to not only do the assingment but to understand it to use in my life. 
The first problem, the nugget problem was really cool to learn about while loops. I was surprised when I found out that the highest number of nuggest that you cannot get is 42.
The second problem learning about binary search was really cool. I never really knew about binary search. It was cool to know that if there is any problem to guess a number 1-100 you can do it in seven tries. 
Problem three was fun to be able to write the code to get the bond price. I've done this bond pricing in excel but never knew how to do it in python. While I didn't know how to write code I was able to learn in the last few weeks to be able to write a code that was clean that could answer questions of how to price a bond. 
Problem four was hard. It took several weeks to be able to do. I knew the concept through excel but didn't fully understand how to come up with the answer. After weeks of class and meeting with my group it was fun to be able to come up with the code with my pair programmer, Grace. 
This assignment, although hard, was very fulfilling to be able to think deeper. It was awesome to use computational thinkning to be able to come up with answer and fully understand bond pricing and bond yields. I feel that I deeper understand bonds now because of this assignment. 